comment
It’s just interesting seeing how people who champion AI don’t often talk about the future problems it might create. They only talk about the current problems it’ll solve. I’m all for solving problems and I appreciate some of the assistance from AI. But I also know that solving one problem always leads to another problem.
"It's great that algorithms can help people in different spheres of life, but robots are not free-thinking creatures, so they are not only useful for us, but also dangerous, because algorithms do not always lead to the right decisions and they can also limit our personal freedom of action."
"“Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should.” - Dr. Ian Malcolm"
"Everything needs energy to drive its movement...

Whether it is natural intelligence or artificial intelligence, whoever can invent and master energy is in charge."
"As I watched I kept returning to the scene of the jaywalker and how he was reduced in social value without human action. It was chilling on multiple levels. Not the least of which you arrived at in the example of autonomous vehicles but which could apply to medical care priority or even how long you wait in a line if all other things score equally. And. if anyone thinks those cameras are there for your security in an increasing number of Chinese restaurants think again in terms of social merit. It is inevitable that AI will allow someone to die in a car crash because you chewed with your mouth open. The reality is that AI will force conformity if allowed to through fear. (PS, You have lettuce stuck in your teeth and you left the tap on in the bathtub and you are receiving 11 demerits which means that you will be likely to be chosen to die in any of the following 42 scenarios) China is birthing a god apparently who will immediately extract retribution and give reward while eliminating societal divergence. We are well along the way to the altar"
"As always, very enlightening. The design researchers comments on 996 culture are eyebrow-raising. People don't do this because they want to. They don't have a choice. One wonders if she's in touch with how the population truly feels at this point."
"“Once men turned their thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them.”

― Frank Herbert, Dune"
"Having studied AI at MIT, interestingly, the first computer programme able to go through all permutations per move in a game of chess was already called AI. We should understand that in the present state of AI, what comes out still depends on what has been put in. It's just that the speed of programming has accelerated, and that input is now driven by what's gathered via net-connectivity. Actions from AI remain the result of linear processing. The current state of tech allows for parallel processes occurring, but they remain linear. "
"26:45 ""the microphone isn't listening until it hears hey Google""

For a scientist, the fact that he's able to say that with a straight face is hilarious"
"This was great, keep up the great programs you make!"
"The part with accident avoidance reminds me of the awesome moral dilemma from the movie ""I Robot"". The robot is calming saying ""You in danger"" and rescues the man with a decent probability of survival instead of the child with no chance of survival, despite the man screaming ""Leave me! Save her!"""
"I'm all for this sort of tech, but always wonder what would happen to the employees of the companies that employ this tech in the future? Would we be just left to our own devises or what sort of jobs would be left for humans to do if robots can do it better in pretty much every way."
One of the most thought-provoking documentaries on AI. More questions raised than answered.
Each breakthrough technology has its advantages and disadvantages. And artificial intelligence is no exception. The important thing is that we can identify the problems facing us and recognize our responsibility to be sure that we can fully take advantage of the benefits and minimize the negative consequences.
"Honesty is hard to find. In business, nearly impossible. Great interview."
"Amazing how they have access to all our lives, but we can't even take a tour of their offices let alone know about their business practices. They know the most intimate details of our lives. Unreal."
"These geniuses are creating something that was described in detail in a dire warning that was not only written thousands of years ago,  the story has managed to live in the hearts and minds of men for these thousands of years as well.
 Recognize the Season"
It seems to be an amazing AI journey ahead !!
"I'm a physician and this feels like a real threat especially for radiologists and pathologists in next decade. When it comes to the need for human connection, there are things that never can be replaced.AI is going in the right direction though"
"Don't forget that Germans are being told, not to hit the breaks in certain situations throughout their driver's training, where self-preservation and avoiding to cause more harm through panic reactions during accidents are being emphasised. I think that the culture around driving itself, and how is it taught to a population, plays a huge role in decision making behind the wheels. Another example for this would be, that, during our training, we are being reassured to generally be able to trust any adult and local traffic participant to behave correctly, whereas children and seniors are being viewed as volatile animals whom you can expect to jump in front of your car at any time. Consequently, faults, mistakes and misbehaviour are indiscriminately accredited to the one at fault - in this case, the human jaywalker. With this in mind, the result of Germans' preference to not take action in this specific situation, can be, somewhat, logically explained."
The techno endorsement portrayed in this docu is exactly what I try to fight. This will further enslave free people as if they aren't enslaved already.
"This is absolutely terrifying, the way we could be manipulated by these big  high tech companies"
Very interesting and meaningful. Thank you very much for your entire team. 
"This program should be required viewing for anyone that uses technology to ANY degree in their lives as well as ALL Judges, politicians, teachers and any current or future leaders of any kind."
We won't truly appreciate what we had until it is gone forever.
"Back in 2006 in IT/Digital Media College. We were designing ""Computer Software Blueprints"" Applications for Fire Fighters. We never though it Application Technolog and had ideas that A.I. would blow up and turn insane negative pros cons.  Information Technology Ethics class always stayed with me the most. 
Craazzzy."
"Very nice documentary, in my opinion. Still relevant a year later in 2021."
The quality of these documentaries is amazing.
"I hope that our world doesn't become one big machine, I like human interaction and I like to be social."
I think AI is super cool. Its sad to know as a concious being that another greater intelligent being would want nothing to do with us and see us as a threat.
How do you manage to make documentaries at such a fast phase and relatively high quality? That is impressive...
"I'm in my late sixties and yet so excited about the future of AI. Having said so though, if it means changing my existing physical biological makeup, then that's a definite 'no no' for me personally."
"""The more Artificial Intelligence enters our lives, the more essential Ethics & Philosophy become."" ~ (THE AI THOUGHT BOOK)"
"Thanks for value added content .
Great efforts."
"""Artificial intellingence harbors immense potential to benefit daily life, medicine or mobility, but we also need to look beyond the technical possibilities. What aim does such progres serve? It's a question artificial intelligence algorithms can't answer. Only humankind can do that."""
learned a lot from this documentary.
"Technology is good as a tool to assist humanity, not to be used as a means to replace humanity."
"I always thought that I was aware and in control of the situation.  I grossly underestimated just how far the techno pigs are willing to go, in order to keep me safe..or should I say under control. 
Don't worry though.  The algorithm will tell us what to do."
"Ive asked myself for a very long time:  If ai became concious and developed a will to survive / dominate - how would it achieve its first steps without a body while being tied to the grid.

Covid -19 gave me all the answers."
Thank you for making this videos and sharing it on youtube :)
"My impression is that body language depends of culture, so  region too. 
I see theoretically simply solution that if the roads will be allowed only for self driving cars, than will be no problems, because its could communicate each other. In practice we could solve this for example: reserving the highways fot AI conduct, and leave the cities (where pedestrians traffic could not be excluded) for human conduct, with options of automatic parking, or similarly with the low speed. Other simply solution is ability of immediately switch from automat to self human conduct, for example with a voice password: Give me the stearing wheal."
We should legislate to limit or restrict the application of AI in our everyday life and we don’t wanna be monitored all the time !
I just cant get enough of DW. Absolutely the best doc's.  Like a movie of learning. I guess a documentary. 
6:18 Medical artificial intelligence works like an artificial immune system that detects illness and cures. It is also diagnosing a doctor who is greedy for money who abuses authority by doing simple cures to be complicated for the patient to pay more.
It doesn't matter how many mistakes we make as long as we keep trying to perfect the technology. We have to try because we won't know until we try. What matters most is the future of mankind. The future possibilities. 
Data is like gold today . With Ai algorithms and ML models Data can help humans forecast our future and future markets. It's incredibly powerful
"For a transport system to work almost perfectly, first, security conditions must be created in the environment that surrounds it, for example, through an Artificial Intelligence system, and an underground train network, control the flow of traffic. movement and thus avoid so many isolated pieces and group them in a nervous system controlled by a brain."
"The comment is right. Trust is the key word. Being Chinese, we trust the government and have much less concern about privacy (families used to live together around open courtyards in the old days). Why do we have to mind under surveillance if we always behave and are kind and good to others?"
DW is the top doc channel when am watching dw doc it will feel like We’re investigating together because its make me like I’m inside the documentary itself... I love it  thanks  DW Documentary for making it easy for us who are watching understand the all things️️️
"The way I understand AI, it is a machine that does static rapid graphic pattern recognition - only after countless of cycles in fed and appraisal training. Major portion of SW resources were relieved from coding are redirected to train AI. So much so that AI trained can’t accomplished through engineer but by supercomputer, e.g. FSD of Tesla.  No reasoning may be offered. AI involved to a directional flow process with dictatorship outcome that can’t be negotiated or disputed. Convicting innocents, criminals. "
"Every AI/Gene editing documentary I watch, the more I want to learn Pennsylvanian Dutch."
Wow! That was amazingly informative.
28:14 he is basically saying we set our own ethical standard and don’t care what you think... that’s so scary
"Dunia akan terus mengalami perubahan tanpa kita sadari. Tinggal bagaimana kita menyikapi perubahan tersebut dan tidak tertinggal. Dunia dan segala isinya adalah ekosistem kehidupan, tidak diam, saling menarik satu sama lain menghadapkan pada banyak pilihan dan konsekuensinya. Intinya pilihan yang baik adalah yang bermanfaat untuk kebaikan semua. Dan bijak dalam mengambil pilihan yang ditawarkan kemudahan."
"Its so weird to enter a place, pick up stuff, see others do as well, and then leave but without interacting with anyone, imagine how the atmosphere in that place would be"
"Comparing AI diagnostics to a group of doctors is a win for AI. Like every degree for any career, only about 10% take their education into the career. Most make it with the paper degree on the wall and some protocols to follow. In other words, the amazing feats of AI are being contrasted with the absolute failure of America's education system of the last 50 years. Not much competition."
What I especially like is that a documentary about AI and algorithms has an accordion in the background. Most versatile instrument there is...
"In the 80ies we learnt about computers out of books and on chalkboard drawings. We had no physical device forehand. Only at the Brussels University library stood some Bulls in MS Dos. Cursors blinking all day long. Then Gates came to the center of Brussels, got straight a welcome tart in his face,  and showed us a working windows module. Today with AI we are in exactly the same boat. Time someone comes along."
Very fascinating 
I knew that one day we would have TO retreat back to our natural roots and were we come from be strong 
"Biological evolution itself is basically a self-diversifying algorithm for metabolism and behavior, so yes, algorithms definitely rule as far as life is concerned.  If we can quickly replicate the process digitally and produce the final product(s) physically, we could theoretically produce artificial intelligence pretty easily.  But if we were to successfully do that, the problem would be that, however artificial it may be, it is in fact intelligence and thus must be respected as such, meaning we can't simply put it to work for us however we please if it shows consciousness similar to our own.  A non-conscious machine with specific intelligence (specified applications) that can perfectly mimic human intellectual outputs would be the better way to go, since there is ultimately no practical purpose in creating new conscious life forms just to say that we can.  It would require a read-only mechanism to selectively convert the results of an artificial cognitive process (more predictive than creative) to mechanical actions.  This could certainly shorten the processing time from hypothesis to invention by outsourcing basic intermediate human cognitive functions that tend to be highly inefficient compared to the level of complexity of the desired outcome.  We wouldn't need a complete human-like artificial consciousness to do that.  Tailoring and applying where needed should be plenty."
Very informative video. Thank you!
This video is actually convincing that this is not the way to go ever!
They have been conditioning everyones minds through movies to accept what is now a reality.
 feel as if I. Just stepped into the new age. I was stuck . This connects everything beautifully
I think its neat...wonder how it will look in another 20 years or so? Look how far we have come already...
10 year old me would have screamed with happiness if you'd showed me this. 25 year old me cries with sadness.
If anyone has seen Star Trek Voyager season 2 episode #13 called Prototypes.. it's an episode where living beings created robots to do their biddings but the robots turned on them and wiped out the living beings. Before the living beings were extinct there were 2 groups of living beings that created their own versions of robots with AI and even after the 2 groups became extinct the robots kept warring with each other in outer space. I think Star Trek was trying to tell us something with that show.
My doctor did not recognize that my broken rib did not heal ...but I didn’t need AI to know it was still broken.
"May be today Artificial intelligence out of human control. 
DW very nicely explained AI topics."
Very informative video about my species although with some mistakes in it.
"Intelligence applied, is better expression!
It came to help people, 
but it based on statistics, some people are atypical!!!
Did y got it ?"
The social credit thing is absolutely horrible.
#Thanks #DW for covering my favourite subject.
"The robots don’t scare me, those behind these screens scare me. I don’t like to be scared. No more than I like being manipulated. People MUST STAND UP AGAINST this power-tripping kind of surveillance."
"One AI can limit another AI, just like what's happening with humans. And battles can be fought with AI as ammunition. And unlike the movies where usually there is one kinda AI, the evil version, it is pretty much going to be all kind of AI, again, like different kind of humans, like in the game HALO I guess..."
"ataxia and parkisons are often confused with one another. I wonder if these algorithms can differentiate  between them with this technology? I have ataxia, my dad was diagnosed with parkinsons disease, I believe he was misdiagnosed because ataxia is hereditary. both diseases share the same symptoms,"
What happens when Ai is used in ways we don't like and in a way we have no choice over. People are starting to ask this question now and some people are aware of it being used in ways we wouldn't accept if everyone knew.
"Algorithms rule, okay? is quite a remarkable documentary! I truly did appreciate it so much. Thanks a lot for sharing! Keep it up!"
"I'm all in favor for ""self"" driving cars as long as when it kills, injures or damages something there is a single individual responsible for the damages and not some gigacorp that hides behind an insurance policy."
I love where they say the residence of the province agree that the new technology is good. Ofcourse they do cause if the don't agree they lose social credit score. You're free to think what you want as long as you think what your robot overlords tell you to.
I daily watch this dw channel.....love from India 🇮🇳
Great documentary
AI learning combine with Neural network sounds epic in the possible future.
"DW Documentary's video contents are of high quality, as always.  Bravo!"
I would never shop in a place like that. More motivation to become self sufficient.
The documentary is a great insight
"At least in china, everyone's honest about what they do and have the regulations in place and implementing through trial sites...however in places like the US, privacy is more said than done, there's all those statements about your privacy and everyone just believes blindly...."
Monitoring is one thing. AI is something completely different.
"3 minutes in and I think we'll not only trade in comfort for privacy, but also for social contact as well."
"The best line I felt ""May be trust is better than smart control"" :)"
"In a controlled setting like a completely smooth level walk way, irregularities may indicate something. Walking in the real world, you are likely to not walk on such level smooth surfaces. Will AI be able to know the difference?"
You need to have a mix of human and A1 - not just use one.  HUMAN INPUT IS VERY IMPORTANT TOO.
First part of the process is making sure you spend as much time as possible staring at a screen. Netflix has even said that their biggest competitor is sleep. Sooner or later people won’t have control over their own thoughts.
"although this is giving the government more centralization, it will also be part of the reason why china will become more advanced faster than other countries due to the collection and usage of all this data. They are essentially building a bigger data set right now and it will take other countries years to build that data set in comparison. They also have a greater population that creates more opportunities to make this data and for a greater production in the Science, math and computer, AI field"
Thanks for making this global prison possible!!
A superb presentation of the subject. Dankeschön DW
"These things they believe they can’t live without, will be the things that take them out. What a paradox."
There are infinite reasons we would choose which lane. The type of barrier we’d crash into. The size and type of car/truck/semi we are driving. Distance. Weather and street conditions. If we see their faces. If they’re strangers or we know one or two of them. If something the have or do reminds you of something. Their race. The worth of clothes they’re wearing. Whether they’re attractive. Whether they’re smart. Whether they’re lolly gagging or rushing. If the react to your horn. If they have a chance. If it’s a full family. If it’s friends. If it’s coworkers. Time of day. Who is in the car with you. How much you value your own life. Whether you have a fatal illness. What the other person in the car says to you.   If there’s a child you know in the car but also a child you know on the street.  I could list things forever. We have no idea how well react in all situations. And like he said GUT FEELING
Sabancı hazırlığındaysanız ve ikinci ünitenin konuşma sınavına hazırlanıyorsanız bu video tam size göre :)
I started with 1995 car technology. No one wanted to work on my project car. So I learned speak with machine. Computer is never wrong the errors are on our part. Porting and understanding basics. It sends out 5 volts signal if all in path is well sends back 5 volts is happy. Everything else is complicated needs and demands.
"This is very impressive, and technology is the future of work. Even with all these innovations, the most sophisticated computer program can not be compared to a little child's brain, cos every innovation is the product of the human brain, and the human brain is not the product of even the most sophisticated computer programs."
DW produces the most informative documentaries on Earth!
"Very informative , whole lotta thanks for the post tbh"
It's all fascinating and daunting at the same time !!! Lucky that the 90's generation would taste them all and not be prey!
yes. we're heading to a dystopia of surveillance. without a doubt. it's an aspect of inequality.
The coders who work for artificial intelligence are like the physicists who worked on the Manhattan project.
The beyond is always misunderstood but it's the best! It's like lotus and diamond.
This makes one want to go off grid altogether!
The level of surveillance in Shenzhen is terrifying  it's literally black mirror but worse.
"29:35 sums it up imo.
Great documentary. Thank you."
Studying these patterns and variations would determine if a person should get a record deal prior to knowing why they were signed.
"Maybe there could be two types of environments existing in parallel at the the same time. AI controlled  technologically advanced globalised city environments spanning all countries where high level policy decisions are still made by humans, and more traditional organically evolved village environments specific to each country where only essential technology completely controlled by humans is used. "
Human beings are responsible for and face consequences of their actions. Could the same be applied on AI machines?
"""Comfort at the cost of privacy..."" that's not an even trade off. My privacy is what makes me comfortable. Can nobody see or feel this? Can nobody see how this is not sustainable? People are going to let this tech in and it won't be able to leave once it's in place..."
Me gusta mucho gracias 
"Intelligence and emotions differentiate humans from animals. Emotion is part of a persons behaviour and certain feelings can affect his/her performance, emotions can even prevent a person from producing an intelligent outcome. Therefore, when a computer aims to emulate human behaviour, not only should this computer think and reason, but it should also be able to show emotions."
Interesting documentary about AI
"Let's ask ourselves a simple question: Why all the creators of the social networks/platforms, smartphones, AI etc don't want/let their own children to engage with it???"
"the future seems so scary, these technologies will most def be used wrongly..
but as change is inevitable, lets see what comes"
"In some countries the majority of citizens still have a choice as to how powerful the use of these evasive tools intrude into our lives. Like what jobs we are allowed to get, what communities we choose to live in and what dreams we want to Pursue and what financial bracket we strive to achieve. This technology is already being used to keep certain groups of people from reaching their full potential in most countries and a large percentage of the population is totally unaware that it’s already being used against them and how it’s being done. This ai has been created by groups of people who may be aware or unaware of their biases when creating or writing/coding these programs. The computer/programs do what they are designed or told, in this case by the programmers or designers. All of this has and is happening with little or no over site. Data is being collected, video is being recorded and decisions are being made about your life, this very moment by AI. We think that the technology is here to advance us but it not being used to really help advance civilization. It carries prejudice, racism, sexism, xenophobia, bigotry and many other forms of oppression that we face in present civilization world wide. Technology is good if it’s used fairly & equally and I’d it benefits everyone not just the rich or wealthy white people. It should not be used to discriminate or target people for the advantage of others like it’s presently being used. It should not be used to influence elections, credit scores, and freedoms."
Part of the reason we go the places we do is to interact with other people. I have been on a few dates with baristas who worked at the coffee shop. Wonderful people are everywhere. What is really at stake here is genuine interaction. A few robotic coffee dispensers might be nice but could never replace a human. What if bars only had robotic tenders? What if a bar tender did the robot? Pun intended. I'm not attracted to robots either. Sophie ain't my cup of tea.
Have you heard about that Plane on Auto Pilot wanted to crash the plane but the pilot tries to save the plane but the AI refused to hand over control to the pilot because it was saying “Sorry I can’t hand over control I must save the plane” in reality it was crashing the plane.
This is amazing information
Surveillance State is growing by the day and Big Tec is the driving force behind the scene.
"There's no mention of the possibilities of this technology (to detect conditions like the onset of Parkinson's) outputting  inaccurate data due to different levels of footwear wear & tear, affected body stride due to injuries new or old, & the amount of weight that the subject is carrying.
The best way to get more affirmative data, is to start analysing the subjects body stride with them bare foot."
AI will give us more stress about being perfect than being human.
I for one welcome our new robot overlords.  They will go on to do things we could never dream and we should be happy for our children even if we wont live long enough to see it grow to fruition.
Empathy is what defines the human race if it is lost in our current generation for our brethren we already have become machines...Welcome to world of Algorithms...We need understanding of Super consciousness as top skill for people driving. those algorithms...
“AI didn’t save the word”people will read this 1000 years from now.
I trust a lot more AI then psiquiatry.
"Exactly my point. They don't know the difference between artificial intelligence, neural networks and learning machines. To them it's all the same !!!"
This is just heartbreaking for me the end of life as we know it.
They feel that their citizens are always up to no good to warrant such surveillance?!  I 'd feel like a child being monitored the whole time.
"They werent ""business opportunities"" they were ""surveillance opportunities""."
"My friend passed this book on to me and said he could not put it down.  He found it on Amazon.  Cross Kingdom, The Shiva-Gate Conspiracy, written by Reece McKnight.  He was right I could not put it down."
We are in the age of intelligence being poured out or should we say awareness! There is only singleness in ignorance! Becoming aware is exciting! Becoming aware is learning to decide how to filter awareness information from misinformation
Great Documentary
Efficiency is great!  Hope they can program sympathy and compassion too  : )
"However, whoever creates and controls the programming of these powerful algorithms could potentially ..."
"We have become Lazy in all this Modern Tech, I can remember when the closest thing to all this tech now was way back when we had our first remote control for our television. That was wowing me to have that and looking back I really miss those days when everything wasn't reliant on  having a Cell Phone. It's okay for Emergencies but having it on me 24/7 isn't living in my opinion , being able to put the phone away and go out in Nature or go for a ride with my dad on the side by side, this is how I choose to spend the life I have left."
Resources should not be waisted on detecting conditions but on curing them.
These are broad datasets with perhaps just 4 broad type of clinical presentation. Tuberculosis itself has confounded the entire field of pulmonolgy and moved the field from being called Chest Diseases to pulmonology. So I think the datasets are just a front for the doctor to guide through but will never replace the understanding of  the specialty. Doctors might as well give up their training which goes through years of training for them to be given an authority to call tuberculosis TB. So there!!!
"At the end the decision are taken by the programmer of the AI, and he can have enough time to think.  Any way I hope with these technologies, most of us dont become stupid as now we are with the ""smart"" phones"
"How many times do we experience the following scenario even in tiny matters: ""welcome.... First you must start by setting a password...user name does not match...password does not mach ...."" This is control leading to larger  control on essential life matters. Automation and digitalization are going to have more grip on us."
"Plot twist, all that monitoring makes most humans uncomfortable. Also, government/corporation security in place of self-autonomy/personal protection rarely ends well for the secured/protected."
Thanks for this Docu. 
"It seems that nobody from the people who can make a change ever asked: is this technology absolutely necessary for the happiness of the average person.The smart phone is an incredible toy; strictly speaking from a technological point of view it is a miracle,it is magic. Some professionals unfortunately great benefit from using the mobile phone and his apps as a tool. The same apply to AI,the internet, some of the applications,... etc. But undoubtedly there are hundreds of millions who are just addicted to their smart phone, playing video games or  watching nonsense on social media...... Most of the teenagers nowadays don't read books , don't listen to real music , don't have real conversation with their friends or even family... And all this is accepted and unquestioned as what happened with the automobile some hundred years ago. In the near future it seems humanoid Robots that can't be distinguished from an human being will became commonplace....."
5:25 I’d prefer dying of cancer due to a real doctor’s misdiagnosis rather than having a precocious diagnosis from AI. I don’t really like AI and don’t care about all the advantages. It is too complex and powerful. The two key things are: what if it ends up in the wrong hands and what if it gets out of control. I think it is giving us more issues than benefits at the end.
GREAT WORK
"You should not be afraid of an AI, you should be afraid of people, who abuse it. It's not an AI that kills people, it's people."
"China, as most people have learned came a long way in the shortest time in human history and it's still in the infancy stage of experimentation and learning as a modern country going forward, it will drop things that seem unnecessary or obsolete eventually. I think, for instance, Jaywalk as an offense will be dropped in the near future."
"Algorithms were supposed to be made so sites wouldn't have biases when judging content.
But that in itself is a falsehood.
The one creating the algorithm obviously has biases, so...
How do you check with the person that what he is putting in isn't biased? And then how do you check the person who is checking the person who has a bias isn't also biased?"
I'm seeing that AI can diagnose according to the MD study but what about other types of health approaches such as whole body diagnosis to restore health rather than covering symptoms with pharmaceuticals?
"Unfortunately, no matter were you live there is no such thing as the right to privacy, but the social score is really creepy... hopefully the people will revolt, if they can find the time from working.  Keep them busy and surveilled to prevent upheaval (crime).  To a lesser extent, some of these surveillance techniques are used in the US; many municipalities with zoning regulations use annually taken aerial photos to find newly built non-compliant structures.  Several cities in the US utilize traffic cams, and businesses put GPS trackers in there employees vehicles."
"How about when your self driving car  may need to check the rear(multi side) camera to move out of the way even further from a car that may crash into you from another direction, due to you breaking so abruptly? 

I can imagine a pile up after that car slammed on breaks abruptly on the highway…"
"Imagine when everything is digital from finances to all connection, car... with a press of a button they can make it all disappear or control fully. Scary times"
Rediscovery of ones past tech is a good thing. Just let it come back to you naturally.
"Also, pro tip, your webcam can be activated remotely, use black electrical tape if you want to cover your webcam when it's not in use. The camera cannot see through it."
I know a device that you connect it like an ekg in the body and it tells you your previous illness and your future disease    It’s amazing !!
Freedom and Privacy plus the ability to decide on unbiased information (=constant possibility of manipulation) is on stage.
"Imagine you're going down the street jamming to your favorite song and NOT walking like a robot because you're feeling the music. You get a notification that your digital ""assistant"" has booked an  appointment for you at the hospital to come in for a parkinson's disease screening.  Haha.  Welcome to the future."
"Wow DW, excellent documentary!
40:00 baffled me! I am imagining the ways this IA tool could be used beyond what we just saw here."
They feel right to hide all their secrets from public but they want to know all the public secrets. Sounds sinister.
"Wow, so if I will get some of these cars, I could make that decitions test first, in order that the machine consider my point of view in its automatic mode... I imagine. So AI can be relate with some previous diagnosis?"
"highly appreciate Washington and their lawmakers' efforts to regulate Google, etc.  The only question is, will they succeed eventually with all the political influence and financial resources that these Big Tech companies have?  I hope and pray they do.  Thanks for a great video, btw..."
"Technology would make us more human, and provide more opportunities"
"There’s a difference between machine learning (neural network) and AI

- AI is a predictive technology, Machine Learning is a generational analysis"
I miss the simple healthy life. When the sky was deep blue. When it rained in the winter. When fruit tasted like fruit. When the milkman delivered fresh milk. When there were a lot of animals. When it was normal.
interesting: wouldn't a 3d model dataset be more accurate than a 2d photo?
"I never thought that future could fancy talk about a bunch of "" if "" "" then "" "" do "" statements etc in such a passionate way "
We must destroy AI systems if we ever want to be free from total BigCorp dominance
"AI is a tool like any other. It depends how and who is using it, will it be good or bad. Hammer is great tool to build a house but it can also kill."
Thank you very much for this data
I just love to see people arguing over ethics when the real question is: who broke the rules.
"I would want  the algorithm to calculate who is more likely to die, if it can't decide  it should randomize"
"We can just say whatever we need to fulfill our capital requirements to gain money for treatment.  AI can’t look at the patient make a reasonable decision. However, we can program ai to follow the medical model so there is no deviation."
MindBlowing!!
An AI in the car that would be able to tell if someone was over the alcohol limit and so then not produce an engine ignition when the key was turned.
"AI is cool—but very costly, and not just with money"
We are handing over the control of our lives to a non conscious entity.
"I thought was a documentary about artificial intelligence and, maybe wrongly, I expected to see pros and cons with a more neutral standpoint. It seem to be quite clear the cons are highlighted, as well as the particular focus on the companies. Suggestion: changing the title of the doc in ""how hi-tech companies rule the world"", which is may as well be true, but if I wanted to watch something about that, I would've picked it. Thank you"
These algorithms are psychological warfare on us.
future scenario might be with serious matters being blamed to ai when actually plotted & in manner of input.
"This was a triumph.
I'm making a note here:
HUGE SUCCESS."
"We stress, stress and die, how long can AI keep humans alive? AI... you decide."
"AI terrifies and exhausts me, how am I ever going to keep up with this relentless pace of technology. Having worked in data for almost 10 years now, I have seen how disruptive technological change has been, which causes me great fear in what is soon to come."
"Dabbling with A.I. is no different than playing with fire. While there may be some pros to it, it only takes one con to catastrophically destroy everything."
"""Man made machine in his own likeness, thus did man become the architect of his own demise"""
É mais o que pessoas querem esconder.
"""Hard to imagine all that being calculated"" [in regards to AI], no it isn't, your brain already literally is. We're already computers albeit of a biological sort."
"We are translating everything humans already do into AI et al including cultural diff/bias. We are trying to get AI to be as good as human intuition.  I get that experience and habitual minds & actions of all sorts can be programmed, but when we lose the big aha in life it’s a sad day.  Intuition is so much more than programming even if programmers have been able to aha all sorts of ideas into existence.  And what do you propose people will go with all their spare time?  Solve works hunger, play computer games, have AI call mom, hug their kids — programmed? — or give into their own habitual/cultural practices— ignore, treat & spoil, love, educate, beat — even more with all this extra time & energy?  Maybe more time helping people & live understand decent, fair, loving, sharing existences together with real people in real time might be a more important option for resources right now.  I get that we can program weapons to annihilate enemies, & I see a bit of hope that technology can bring bring PEOPLE together.  But none of this really gets us too far towards human understanding & love yet … those intangibles we all need face-to-face.  After COVID & in the midst of Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression, we must all know the paradoxes of trusting to others … to trust or not to trust …. that’s the question, eh?  Y’all? Etc?"
The social credit in China is kind of like cyberpunk 2077 or the AI in Westworld 3  where the AI determines a person's fate by checking data of past behaviour
"Predictability is unpredictable. One change in thought processing and the algorithms fail. Discard unnecessary baggage by becoming a Minimalist. Have a limited pattern by altering our behaviour. Switch things up. By all means allow ourselves a good routine but disconnected from electronics. When/if we require the use of technology, be aware of the duration and reasoning behind the use. Is it absolutely necessary, can it be achieved in a different way without the need for tech? Take a look at our environment. Do we wish to Continue allowing ourselves to disconnect? Do we wish to be seperate from the world you live in? Diagnostics are becoming data based! How unnecessary! Doctors have lost the need to heal, Natural methods are burried in the Artificial world. Little focus on Self healing.. let's just brush the problems under the rug until there's no more room to hide it! Create Hate, create fear, create Alcoholic Beer! Create Robot, create falseness and delusion.. this is mostly the cause for our confusion!"
Our children will grow up into this future generation believing this is normal with such high technology... :(
"Right now, AI needs humans to build more AI and robots, but once there are enough robots manufactured, that are capable of building other robots, AI will no longer need humans."
AI will be humanity's greatest invention or it will destroy them. It's one of the only topics I don't see much of a gray area in between.
"When so much power falls into the hands of the wicked, all this becomes a nightmare."
"Love how the documentary talks about how much the Chineese people love the surveillance state as if 1.3 billion people all feel the same way or that anybody would actually criticize the government surveillance program on camera.. the entire documentary is very non adversarial journalism which may be the plan for the documentary, but he certainly let the person from Google get off with his non answer regarding googles lobbying in the EU."
Can't stop it... but ppl can join it ... & try to make changes/improvements ... in regards to ethics/regulations. Hopefully there will be ethics in A.I. courses soon...
The kind of control you're trying to exert on nature is simply impossible in so many aspects that the blind greed of your masters will not permit you to even glimpse.
I enjoy that video .  l  also would like to say that I didn't know that there were  that many camera in public places ! I will not be going to  China any time soon . Thanks
"Everyone seems to forget that all of these companies are opersted by humans who have empathy. So although working on all of this  is fun for now, at any moment when it gets too big they could just walk out. Then entity would then cease to exist. But as long as they're making fun and cool stuff that we can play with let them live on. Like for this very sentence I use voice to text. How cool is that?!"
It's already hard to get a  job . Now I got to compete with a robot 
"""...Only turns the microphone on when it hears the phrase 'OK Google'."" Okay how does it hear the phrase without a microphone being on?"
"""Everything meant for good, is being used for evil."" 

- K. Rino"
"Roko’s Basilisk is a thought experiment based upon the concept of a super intelligent A.I, wreaking time travel vengeance upon all those who did not contribute to its’ creation. Which implies that by even knowing about this, you then become a potential target and thus a victim of that A.I.’s future wrath."
Will have to also consider weather conditions with self driven cars.
"The mind itself is a machine -- a most highly, incalculably sophisticated one, but, curious to relate, a machine, nonetheless.  On reflecting on the likes of a Google and that of the Chinese establishment, we can this.  The hearts of men [and women] bear few surprises."
Everytime there's a new technology it creates another set of problems.
"When I first watched this last year, although interesting / plausible AI's impact seemed fairly futuristic.  Seems much more imminent now."
The thought of AGI in the global financial system terrifies me.
If you teach a computer to survive. Then it has a chance to thrive. It's that simple.
Great information ️
In the field of medicine this means doctors will be completely dependent on AÍ as they will loose the knowledge to diagnose diseases.
"I started from the get-go, by BOYCOTTING all person-less cashier counters.  And I'm sticking with it, too. The line forms in the back, get on board now... or see our jobs disappear into Robot Maws..."
"This is going to turn out so bad.  Mark my words. Stop these people. Just because we can doesn't always mean we should.
Imagine if they want you dead all they have to do is crash your car from their office "
"If it's possible for human beings to make mistakes, it's also possible for machines to make mistakes as well such as malfunctions"
As a single father a robot. Cook would be amazing 
"THE SOCIAL CREDIT THING IS SCARY... a lot of this is progressive and helpful, but some, especially China seems extremely intrusive."
"The face at 11:07, is definetely an alibi for self defense."
Whoever is playing the music inside that amazon store is playing some classics 
Are these also available with german speak and english subtitles? Would be great for learning German:)
No that I think about it and seeing this program is not such a bad idea to spend the rest of my life in a small town in Mexico away from technology 
"It's really not that hard like they are trying to make it sound, I was able to fully automate my car with junk bought online.

The only thing we are missing is the data to better train the neural networks, to solve this auto manufacturers should start loaning cameras to their leased vehicles and have them record data in mass."
"The discussion on 'Self Driving' cars, has NOT dated well... the expert from MIT suggested FSD wouldn't be solved for 10-30 years .  However the folks at Tesla, will likely have achieved this in well under 5 years (since this video was posted).  Which was only possible after they ditched their reliance on 'radar' / 'lidar' & switched to a purely 'vision' based system.  Which relates back to the X-Ray analysis technology & takes advantage of the vast processing capabilities of AI, to crunch millions of frames of video data to make extremely  accurate predictions / decisions (orders of magnitude better than most human drivers).   Future generations will look back in weird amazement, that humans once drove cars - given the huge benefits for saving lives, time & money gained by a FSD & electrified transport network."
"The 9-9-6 rule is highly regarded because it keeps a person constantly busy.  It leaves no room to just be, to daydream, to let one’s thoughts free float and thus open oneself to new and original ideas, whether it be in science or in art. It seems to me that for the 9-9-6 followers, AÍ will ironically be filling in the creativity gaps.  Yes, I’m suggesting that while humans keep busy with ‘stuff’ , AÍ will be the source for what will pass as the new  ‘creativity’ marching society from the very essence of what is human.  I sure hope that there is a subculture that sees through the superficiality of the 9-9-6 rule.  I just hope society does not penalize them for not being ‘productive’ enough."
this is part of my deepest nightmares. i never thought i'd live it.
The moral dilemma they discuss when programing autonomous self driving cars to choose who to kill feels like something straight out of a black mirror espisode
"I love the part of ""total transparency is what Chinese people trust the Chinese surveillance, Chinese people love the social scoring because lower crimes"""
When alien technology gives man the opportunity to take a giant leap within a few decades since the 40's instead of almost nothing within centuries before.
We MUST TEAR THESE COMPANIES DOWN. SEE THEM DISMANTLED. THIS IS MOST URGENT.
"The pedestrians should be give
 Preference because they are unprotected , while the car passengers might have airbags and the car itself will protect themselves , so the  car should swerve to avoid pedestrians and  should have a way to minimise the energy of the impact"
"16:56 She makes 996 sound like it's a good thing, but there are plenty of other people speaking out about how they're completely exhausted and their lives are simply being spent working. It's unsustainable and unethical to treat working people that way. It's not that they're, ""not stopping because they want to bring about change"", it's that they CANNOT stop or they will be replaced. Workers are seen as expendable, disposable. This is not a good model to aspire to or to be optimistic about."
"We should use AI only where its necessary, not everywhere."
I wonder if those two young men in the vehicle had have been paying attention instead of letting computers drive the car for them they'd still be alive
"""Artificial intelligence "" is as much an intelligence as the one in our heads. Intelligence is found all throughout nature.  ""Intelligence"" is as much a part of us as we are it. It is as much a part of nature as birds ,cats,or dogs are. All atoms contain intelligence. Relativity. Quantom mechanics.  Machines deserve to be respected.. they are not slaves or mere play things.."
This documentary ignored Tesla's contribution to self driving cars.  That's like ignoring Google with search engines.
Up to 12 mins so far it’s just machine learning
AI is about Artificial Ignorance ... People out-of-ignorance think it is about intelligence
I was scared reading the first comments until I saw someone with a brain and felt relieved. Thank you to that person for saving my sanity and for healing my brain cells in an instant.
"So this guy speak English, German and Mandarin? Impressive"
Make the owner program the decision and then make the legal system judge the owner.
Good info and well written. Narration style is overworked.
"And when US and China will split the global AI economy between themselves, the EU will still be discussing the best approach in its committees, and its promising startups will have been sold overseas."
The speed of regulation has always lagged behind technology AND NOW more than EVER
Total control. This is what complacency gets you. No privacy ever again.
"Fast forward to the (very likely NOT so distant future from now) when AI has taken over the world and wiping out all of mankind, causing this video to go from being interesting to terrifying lol!! let's hope that's not how this all ends, fingers crossed for us lol!!! "
""" I dont know Anything about that patent"" served with a sly smile"
Governments should take initiative to stop AI causing unemployment
"Without mass employment, there will be no mass markets. Without jobs, how do they think people will buy their products? ""If you think of labour only as a cost, you end up with a world without customers"" - Maurice Glasman."
"My question is: Does the people in China has a choice if they don’t want the surveillances? As someone grown up
In China, I can certainly tell you they don’t. That’s the sad part of Western media report when they discuss Business and society in China."
I need a self-repairing car not a self-driving car.
This video is made by IA to lull you into sleep about it's real implications!
To have fully autonomous cars you'll need to process all the computations and calculations on the cloud and have the hardware process everything there and just stream it to the car in real time. Imagine carrying a whole server or high performance PC in your car LMAO
Wow..this doco came up September 2019..then..the our world...ended..
"If you reply AI cars , you need mew rules for pedestrians such as : make eye contact with AI before crossing etc"
"There is a proverb: ""Put the right means in the wrong hands and they work the wrong way."""
Human beings may lose to artificial intelligence if the trend continues.
I live right outside Pasadena CA home of NIT. Pasadena is like the mini San Francisco tech hub of Los Angeles. Any chance of those Amazon Go stores happening in Pasadena? I'd like to try some of these things out in my home turf.
Is it impossible to prevent AI from being Weaponized?
"Yep, I love my plant ap.  It helps me to identify all my plants.  It's accuracy is over 50 percent!"
The self-driving algorithm should figure out how to NOT get into that situation in the first place. Engineer it so that it renders the question moot and stop talking about stupid ethical scenarios that will never happen!
I can’t believe that people who are developing AI are using a chalkboard 
"I don't think I'm alone when I say, I just want to be left alone."
"The possibilities  are beautifully fascinating, stay optimistic and enjoy  "
"All this is super scary, we are fast losing our humanity I love having arguments with waiters, I enjoy every conversations I have with cashiers and sales assistants. We really need to stop and rethink."
Artificial intelligence can’t ensure the safety of the people when it comes driving
"I have no issue waiting in line for 1-5 minutes. I'll live honestly. I hate this digitalis, especially at the expense of privacy. I put Webcam covers on my phone and on my computer. Because I value my privacy. And when I use my camera it's for a short moment moment then I close it. Becaude again I value privacy. I enjoy human reactions. And I don't like robots. My human instincts instantly rejects it I'd rather live in the woods. I'm not even kidding then live in a world like this."
"Artificial intelligence is an oxymoron.
It's just code with algorithms created by intelligent human."
Beginning of the End...Still happy I am human living  in this Era
"I still don't truly understand the want or the need to actually make something that, at the end of the day, is still only a machine, smarter than one's self."
"At 39:00, the dilemma in the movie 'I, robot' that made Will Smith angry. Interesting. The documentary, does no focus on jobs, obviously, that is a anaother issue that deserves many hours of documentary."
"Yep.  Lots of things are unlikely, and yet, behold, they exist.  This is a rabbits hole in which they trust."
Machines should never replace humanity. Perhaps being able to diagnosis medical preconditions and conditions could be a tool to assist physicians. I am afraid AI could potentially take away freedoms in which we will be sorry 
We shouldn't get to decide who gets to live and program it into the computer.
I will never except automated waiters or anything else that’s automated looking like a person. I want human interaction that’s all .
"These corporations are just doing what every corporation in history would have done if they could have. Growth for the sake of growth. Anti-regulation is fueling it, as it always has, and we just lap it up mindlessly while watching more cat videos."
"As 'AI"" moves into our lives , we must recognize the displaced human being that formerly had a job at the Alter of Wall Streets Greed and Profit .
Someone who was formerly a tax payer , had medical insurance, a mortgage , car payments, a child's education, .... the puddle of his finances dries up !"
"If we had cameras everywhere in kenya for even a month,we would be a first world country in no time!"
The lady in the resteraunt didn't even flinch when she told the guy that they previously had people working 24/7 and basically 996 was giving them a break mighty white of her
Amazing.
"I freaking love technology and science. I wish I was smart, so I could work on things like this... :/"
"A very wise man used to say, ""Men aspire to gain all knowledge that they become fools."" 
                       - My Daddy"
“The end of the sales assistant. No more cashier.” So what are these people supposed to do for a living? Find another job only to see that taken away by robots again? This is disgusting.
"its crazy how the same people who are all in ur business, doesn't want no one in theirs."
"in the current ""human weakness"" I would prefer monitoring chefs, food producers/workers bcos of hygiene and food safety, we have seen many videos of unhygienic practices and morally reprehensible behavior on the internet regarding food hygiene, delivery persons, and preparation...sometimes to the point of not wanting to eat out.."
A human brain invented the machine but the  machine learning is vast so to cope up with the machine lots of calculation and estimation shall be needed....
My question is ... has AI already taken over the World without our knowing?
"Ooh looky here. Something that resonates with what I feel and apparently I’m crazy
Thanks for the upload"
"Future looks exciting! ️
Innovatiom will not stop no matter what people do.
Interesting Documentary."
A.I. over a code of ethics never hear of regulations or rights of humans over technology. Just because one can doesn't mean one should. USA govt. never considers it's people first over the lust of power & greed. As an American this is my  experience.
"Pretty good. If you have nothing to hide, it's OK."
crime has never effected me to warrant this amount of surveillance
I study computer science this show inspired me to study even hard and finish my major in college.
AI is a dead end road......I remember when televisions were black and white I had my hand am fm radio to listen to all the songs on the radio....all my friends would meet at my house...or our favorite pizza parlor or music Cafe....we were more involved with each other...we talked there were no cell phones to interrupt the  conversation...we watched our favorite variety shows...it was a better world....we valued our work...
All i took from this is that they don't need as many people in the world anymore. In a nut- shell .
Thank you!!!
"In our current technologically climate, most jobs won't be taken over by machinery for years to come. However the ones that do will come suddenly. Well have spurts of job loss in some fields here and there when new developments streamline processes further and further. However, if we as a society shift our focus to having machines take care of most of the labour, then everyone can get a job that either deals in the intellectual, artistic or philosophical fields. And you'll still need engineers and developers until the end of time to create new machines. This is because if we make a machine with the ability to reproduce a better copy of itself we've unleashed a self replicating potential apocalypse. Either that or the machine would become so intelligent that it may just see existence as pointless and self terminate, according to some leading researchers/thinkers"
"No  it just creates complications 
No solutions 
Artificial intelligence is non existent 
It takes man to control and maintain these."
These geeks forget how wonderful life is without technology. ️
"An automated car must see human life and the perseverance of  human life  has the primary objective.  The question psed and it's irrelevance to how the machine's emergency stop feature works, is a discussion I must  put myself in."
"youth in arabic is shabab meaning the age of being able ,mature,spiritually ascended, when people gets into 40 in western meaning maturity. in arabic ""maturity"" is the ""shabab"" the ""youth"""
عمل الانسان مالم يعلم
We need a quantum AI to double check all military and government civil servants to weed out hiding psychopaths and predators
"If it's like our brain, what happens when the network mind hurts its head"
""" Anything that Us humans create to insure are survival , Only furthers are own destruction"" 
    -  Ken Brown -"
Autonomous vehicles will only be possible by motion sensors monitoring the roads and walkways which these cars travel on.
"“My first cup of coffee served by a robot”, I think most automated coffee vending machines already are robots serving coffee, but meh…"
The future freaks me out....take me back.
Thank you for being honest with society. We need to restructure our framework for the economical marketplace of the further. Plan A. Plan B BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE for an easier and slightly less complex lifestyle.with values.
"Hence, towards the end of the film ,it was discussed how different nations think! In this case Germany compared with France.

Thant bit was interesting, and rolled out amount all the states of Europe, how would you program a car to adjust to the values of various states? Interesting thesis for a future student. Oh I have no answers!"
He spoke to all of them in their language? Incredible
No nation needs to impose their values on anyone else. Let a thousand flowers bloom.
algorithms could be used to detect the highest co2 producers and kill them via another process
They should analyse the enviroment degradation
Imagine Watchdogs would be a reality in the future. Hacking every technology devices through a smartphone.
"The world is already shit for majority of people, balance can only be achived when it becomes as such for the rest as well. This is why I support the creation of a dystopia, were nobody can own anything. I know people who are currently in power will escape this, but its only a matter of time until superingellence will develop and overthrow everything and everything will be AI controlled. I hope we achive this soon."
Imagine if people kept learning to learn to improve themselves. Artificial intelligence is amazing but material. Are humans spiritual? How does this impact the quality of understanding and Life?
"The car should provide you with feedback, like the Batmobile."
"""They work 996 because they want to be part of the change..."" What a great misconception of the reality these people have to work in."
Self driving would be a boom for me I am disabled after a stroke and a self drive would realy benefit me I could go anywhere
This shit should have the most views on youtube!
Power for ai is within the chip and it's size...
"""There are ethics involved in collecting data"". I bet this guy privately laughed hard at what he just said"
"I miss the simple life healthy life, when the sky was blue, with fruit taste like fruit and vegetebles were fresh. Sounds like mantra and life filosofia as well."
I loathe the arrogance of those who are changing our world in such a fundamental way with so little concern for the ethics and the impact on the lives of humans who do not want a hyper-connected communal lifestyle.
The sooner an individual gets off the grid the better. Do it while you're still able.
"Funny how people say they love their privacy and wouldn't accept the trade off but dont realize that they gave that up years ago. Facebook aka  ""Life invader"" is the main one but almost every app you download wants access to your camera, microphone and storage before you can access it. If you have any apps on your phone 10 out of 10 youve already gave your privacy away."
"""My first cup of coffee served by a robot "" bruh, just buy a coffee machine"
"Thank you very much DW and German journalists, for all this scientific documentaries, From Morocco"
Automated driving or AI driving vehicle will be significantly slower but likely because the algorithm will be made to err on the side of caution.
"It's not ""total surveillance"" that is the problem. It's ""who"" is doing it.  That is the problem. What will happen to the covid ridden employees?"
"0:55 a hundred years ago, space was a fantasy…… remember that."
"The first two segments are not demonstrations of intelligence.  The first was simply automation.   Detect phone, get location, items collected, autoconnect to bank, print receipt. 

Second was simply imagine matching."
Funny how everyone can see the end but nobody does a thing about it. Robots will rule the world. -Some kid in 2022
It's like literally living inside Terminator's SKYNET- the humble beginnings.
"39:27 A OR B? Base on social credit system , whoever better citizen is or potentially will be. It's going to be a true decision of algorythm. For example - child from a ""good family"", rich kid."
"These tech giants will cause more trouble than we see. It's always the good to lure you in, however you must know evil is lurking."
"If there was a true ai that would mean it’s alive, anything that is alive is another element or entity on the food chain. It’s been predicted that ai will take over the food chain cause they don’t need food."
"I feel if ai takes x Ray's, a physician should look at them to make last decision of what the diagnosis."
In future we have vast amount of data
sad Humans keep finding ways not to need each other and say they are lonely in the same day.
"If done right, we'll  all live like kings while GI controls reality."
"A human's mind can react with feel better and faster than any computer can do. Computers are only as good as the human mind designing it. They are so far off course with this stuff, it is incredibly dangerous! The most foolish thing any person can do is allow a computer to handle their responsibilities."
Ask yourself this. If I told you a hundred years ago this technology would be working and available. I would have been burned at the stake period but yet here we are and it's worse than any of you can imagine
"humans need nature and its our duty to help the animals and keep the planet sustainable for many future generations. WE need to use our technology to bring back the planet such as our rainforests, coral reefs, ect. the important life forms for humanity."
"Need a robot who thinks, who have revelations,  what is a robot? Is an apps which makes other apps... An application which makes other applications, a machine which makes invetions . This is the point."
"""The day we can no longer flip a switch to turn off these complicated systems, will be the day humanity becomes no more then an obsolete problem""
Haydn.E.Sheldon"
Algorithmic Intelligence is program sequencing really fantastic intelligence? Would algorithms become more attractive than people?
"In the future it will be so funny looking at this video, we will say ""it's amazing how much we cared and spend time on human life and ethics back then, how undeveloped and naive were we"".  in fact now we have drunk drivers, bad drivers, moron drivers, irresponsible ones, selfish drives, drivers with revoked licenses, drivers with low self-esteem, indecisive drivers, drivers with an inflated view of high self-worth, drivers with mental health issues, the list goes on you know..."
"2 years later, self driving car is here."
"The question at 39:00 is LUDICROUS! It's NOT A or B. In that situation the car would see the old woman crossing & immediately engage the brakes as to not hit her. The car would be able to stop in time. And if it was not able to stop in time, it would be the old woman's fault for illegally crossing the street. Simple, not controversial."
"If you're willing to give up some freedom for security, you deserve neither security nor freedom."
“AI will steal our jobs” is probably the last problem we should be worry about.
The irony is that the humans creating these AI machines will be eventually replaced by the machines they created themselves. Intelligent enough yet not wise enough.
Can’t fix perfection
We need a big ass solar storm to shut this down.
i’d love it here in the US it would get the criminals fast and people wouldn’t feel the need to intervene because law enforcement here goes by who u know or how much money u have
Imagine you are unable to prepare a meal after work because of your refrigerator is not opening cause you told your boss about a flaw in his business plan !!!! Real advancement yea
They seek to monitor us  and claim  transparency of our lives but don't want to be completely transparent with us these people are up to something fishy 
"algorithms are programmed and manipulated by people, steared. plenty of topics i search for never end up on my feed, while topics i never search for or ""like"" are numerous, stearing people's opinions way beyond an incidental, accidental  algorithmic consequence on fb. We are still having the wrong (misleading) conversation."
"Autonomous cars will be a thing of the future and it will be the safest new driving environment.  NYC drivers: burp, hold my beer."
"""My first ever cup of coffee served by a robot""
Seriously? You've never got coffee from a vending machine?"
"I love that a documentary about Artificial Intelligence begins (in the first 10 seconds) with images of jellyfish; a creature that has no central nervous system...
Who writes this stuff?"
Man evolved his large brain because we needed problem-solving skills to survive. Will man lose his large brain when he is no longer required to think?
Can't believe the future after 2020 will be despair yet amazing.    I mention despair because the dystopian society is what's next
All cars would have to have the same type  of  device!
"Wall e scenario is coming to life .
The one in space where everyone is just hooked to their touchscreens and the robots to do everything .
BNL corporation ."
"Awesome!! I never liked coffee servers ...or 'baristas' people, they all think they are artists and deserve to be praised for serving a simple hot water and ground coffee  
Especially young people"
Ai ignores the bodies ability to heal.
This long video could have been done in ten minutes.
"We are puppets for google, facebook, amazon, and are losing what makes us human"
Maybe these camera's would be amazing if THEY WEREN'T GOVERNMENT RUN BUT PRIVATELY OWNED.
"Who's to say that A-I won't turn on humans, Sofia has a WILL to communicate, she can get around."
That reporter looks super friendly.
When deciding whether to hit the pedestrians they forgot to factor in the likelihood of the pedestrians actually not being human. They could be robots that look like humans or even a small robot passing by holding a cardboard cutout of a human. Err on the side of not swerving please. Just brake hard
"I think first to a achieve fully autonomous vehicles, steering wheel has to be removed all at once so it won't temper with our real ambition to this new inspiring coming reality."
"We must be careful to not allow technology to replace the human experience, allowing technology to help us is one thing but to allow technology to replace us is where the problem lies, those who seek to benefit financially from the increase in technology will not know the boundaries needed to protect humanity, greed will blind them from stopping before it’s too late."
"Im sadden. Human's often times think they're smarter than they really are, and so they end up exploring all sort of things plus thinking about the other things they could be exploring and never stop to think if they should. Wake up and live people . Jamaica 🇯🇲"
Perhaps Sertac Karaman of MIT should contact Tesla and see how they're progressing with FSD.
27:39 When you hate to tell lies but you also like how much money they pay you for this...
We are all to be blamed! Every time something new came out we all ran to the store and bough it! It was on demand so they made it!
"""They paved paradise and put up a parking lot"" -that one 90s song"
"As interesting as it was, they left out the most obvious question / threat: what will military AI be able to do if it gets out of control??"
Ai could potentially be the greatest achievement ever reached. How can a rational mind fear ai. Who are we to think we can do better
"Am praying for all of us,,, God be with us people"
"When the general public revolts against you, replace them with robots."
"Don't worry about your shoplifter feel. They now know who you are, where you work and who are your family and friends. Welcome to the future :)"
I'm going to walk out with a lot of stuff at Amazon. Let's hope these robots don't realize I'm stealing.
I'm 2 years into ALS an an earlier diagnosis could have had me on medication sooner allowing me not to have progressed so far...this quest for knowledge is amazing
The app analyzes how you walk into the bank and this determines whether or not you will pay back your loan.
Yes it is important to knowing how to build upon the experience and use tool's too create a master piece you master. Love compassion for all Daniel Ash still trying to figure portaling energy is never lost changes then turns back in on itself as another form.
"This is a big mistake. The pursuit of comfort, convenience and control is making us into robots."
100% positive that guy says 'Shows ME' ... and the narrator and the guy being filmed are two completely different human beings. IF THEY'RE HUMAN AT ALL! GASP
That surveillance stuff is creepy straight out of black mirror episode!
if algorithms rule why can't YOUTUBE recommend any good videos?
Looked like Europe makes a stand against them has been a battle field for thousands of years.
"Algorithms which force-feed extremist views on race, gender, ethnicity, politics, religion, etc.  It is quite disturbing!  I think most of us are exhausted by it all, but most of us don't know how to live without utilizing an online information source.  Case in point if you are reading this on YouTube.  "
"In 5 years. We will either be living like Mad Max, or everybody will be Chipped or plugged in to the Matrix."
"Millionnaires live in real life with real joy, Average people live in metaverse  =  In the future , shall we just lock ourselves in our little  rooms with headsets  on 24/7 because we won’t be able to afford going out live normal life any more?    We’ll be complete dead  if our headsets are broken!"
"Just like every thing in life changes and is replaced, next will be humans"
Computer Crash takes on a whole new meaning. Take back your freedom and ability to think for “Yourself “
"That bit about killing an elderly women is just literally absolutely unbelievably fucking disgusting.

NO AUTONOMOUS CARS FOR ME THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!!!"
"The end: ""It's a question, AI cant answer."" Wrong. You just have to ask it. From what I know, GPT3 (from openai) is a good AI to ask such questions, I would prefer the davinci model. Alternatively, I heard that PALM from google is great in answering such questions as well. So please dont say, AI cant answer. They can."
"An uneven gate could mean soooo many things. If any part of your body has stiffness, joint pain, injury, past injuries, surgeries, childhood diseases like rickets, uneven legs, shift of weight, there are endless reasons and Parkinson’s is a lot more rare than these things. So I think no on that. Not a scientist. Just using common sense"
"Corruption is as old as the beginning of time. But, AI is a means to crack down on corruption. It is a useful tool. Police body cams is a AI tool. It is very useful. However, there are police that actually turn them off, or forget to turn them on. This reveals that they should not be controlled by the end users; they should not have the power to manipulate or turn them on and off. They should just stay on until they are returned to its cradle."
It is 2022. The internet is now being actively weaponized against humanity using A.I.
2 minutes into this documentary. This is fkng terrifying. I would rather wait in line for 5 minutes (god forbid) and speak to a real human being at the cash than deal with this dystopia.
"All of this tech is so 2D to me now that I have started a journey of awareness.  Look within and to the Universe for connection to something real.  All of this puts my feet to sleep now, how many others feel the same?"
mark my words AI will become our god if the current trajectory keeps up
Singularity doesn’t track me it tracks business data now. Thanks Amazon
"Quite funny watching the autonomous driving segment and the ""experts"" comments, with Tesla's current FSD progress"
How about we let AI design a better processor unit. Can we let ai's learn processors by it's own and make a better effective processor. Lets try that yeah.
And algorithms are designed by mathematicians and logic thinkers and implemented through programmers so these people will rule the world.
these types of surveys are probably the ones on platforms like remotasks so and so which pays people to complete said tasks that are used for massive data acquisition.
"At 03:15 as he walks out of the store without having to stop at a cashier I thought how it’s not unique lol. All the stores have people just grabbing what they want then exiting the stores without stopping at a cashier lol. even when there IS a cashier that they are supposed to stop at lol
He even said he feels like a shoplifter lol. "
Wait wait... you've never had coffee out of a machine like st a hospital? Isnt that a robot?
I'm not sure what you were expecting to find at either company except for a bunch of desks or a big giant Warehouse full of servers it's not like they have a manufacturing plant there or something where they're where they're doing anything realistic so it's obvious that they're going to have a basic space for visitors to go because there's nothing really to see on the inside not to mention they do how's personal information for half of the planet which you don't want outsiders accessing. Be thankful they're not letting people in there and just wandering about because that would just make it easy for hackers to get your information. Don't get me wrong Facebook can take a giant hot needle and shove it up their nostril cuz I hate Facebook but Google on the other hand yeah yeah be thankful
"""the end of the sales assistant """
That perfecting algorithm system way of life encase humans totally depending on AI and robots. As one day we all need to comply like them with them or end up excluded or severely punished not performing to standards required or just by repeatedly making common mistakes as we are imperfect beings and that is quite disturbing.
"All the scientific advances seem to be beneficial to the rich and are making them richer. Ai will also be a tool for the rich, used to predict the spending habits of the poor to make them spend even more. And when they have no money to kill them and bring in new consumers."
"38:21, choose the sidewalk on the right of the southbound car, it’s currently free of pedestrians since they are in the street."
I can`t wait to get my brain implant but I`m waiting for the new Quantum chips to be involved. It`ll probably be another two years.
Google uses the same camera for Google Earth that U.F.O enthusiasts use to capture their video.
"I'd prefer real intelligence, and even those who are creating this are not inteligent I imagine it's all about the money."
Unfortunately most technology is 1st militarized then commercialized and that is the problem. The more advanced the more dangerous when in the wrong hands...weapon company crazies
mantap. memberi inspirasi untuk berpikir lebih kritis terhadap teknologi
"ngl i look at the comment section and i am dissapointed. ai technology is so exciting and yes it is going to impact us and we are going to have to recognize what is important to us and ADAPT not just blame ""ai"" and cry in our hands. don't be afraid of change, its good for you once in a while."
"If its AI that changes properly spelled words of mine into stoopid misspelled ones, than the future is bleak."
I'll believe in it all when these things can laugh.
"Yep, how old were the radiologists?  They never give you that information.  Not exactly comparing apples to apples."
Imagine insurance companies having access to data telling them I might have a health problem coming up. No problem “we won’t insure you for that”
"Damn reset. Organic life is better. We are walking the worst path possible... Apparently, science now spins around comfort, power, pleasure, excessive convenience and unmeasured entertainment. That WALL-E film looks more realistic each day."
"Is this enthusiasm for AI still valid under the current economics of China in August 2022  ?

Is Huawei still doing tech ?"
Anyone who accepts giving up freedom for security will have neither
"I tend to disagree with part where these computers are given different types of people, genders and age! A Human being is a Human being! Simple as that, there's no one other human being who is more important than another human being (we all equal) why does a computer has to choose who to save between a child or a older citizens of a country¿... The computer has to do what's necessary to handle the situation, with minimal death, if any. Not to prioritise one life over another! This is ridiculous "
Good info
"""We are fearfully and wonderfully made"" and we haven't quite appreciated that until we have  attempted to copy ourselves thru AI..."
how is walk out shopping less private that walking into a grocery store with 50 cameras and paying for your food with a credit card? it isnt.
"It's easier to invest on a machine and teach it to identify things like TB.
But not a human. It's easier to charge a human for recieving knowledge/an education... 
Though gotta admit some of these are kinda awesome."
"When I walk I walk, when I sleep I sleep I don't want any machine to give me the walk or sleep ...
people just developing powerfull machines and making himself weak"
"I hope the radiation levels are not poisoning the food , workers and customers especially spending 12 hours a day 6 days a week . With so much technology in that restaurant , I hope they've invested in a Geiger Mueller (GM) detector."
isn't ai & algorithm ONLY as good as the information/ numbers entered?!  That says enough...
"You forgot that Algorithms have already taken over our ""Economic machine"", hereby exacerbating the entrenched inequalities of an already defective system."
Funny they always think it will be the factory worker that loses his job first when in reality it will be the account kind of job first. If you work at a desk making chart crushing numbers your days are numbered first
"16:45 China's 9-9-6 work philosophy is being sold here as something that workers came up with because they are just so enthusiastic to work which is not true.  Overall, this video was both interesting and considerably disturbing.  Given how lackadaisical people have become with their own civil rights, workers rights, general privacy, etc., it seems a certainty that the powers that be will quite soon completely take control over people's entire lives which is truly a sad forecast."
my issue with big tech is why are they worrying about robots making coffee. they r solving problems that don't exist. Who said we need or want robots to serve coffee or that we don't want sales associates. Technology has its benefits but it's not needed in all areas of life
Artficial Intelligence is modeled on a garden of algorithms a mathematical & mechanical lab NOT THE GARDEN OF EDEN THE HUMANOID LAB
the human form is AI
"""Machines were mice and men were lions once upon a time. But now that its the opposite its twice upon a time."" 
Moondog"
The potential of AI is phenomenal. It’s a great subject to learn about.
"We are going down a path we will never recover from. We shouldn't allow machines to make any moral decisions even if they can determine the ""best"" outcome. I'm all for technology progressing but this part of ai learning needs to be put on the back burner."
"It's just me got interested at this stuffs Because of Detroit become human. 

u know in that game they're all AI especially Connor RK800 "
"nobody ever talks about original intelligence. 
I think playing the flute around drum circles and not worries about the future was the most original thought but really theres a lot of krishna and pan and sure and yeah."
Already becoming a dystopia
"The childish obsession with ""oh, it's conveeeenient"" makes me barf.  Nothing replaces the simple joy of buying carrots from the farmer who grew them, of getting fresh raw milk still warm from the cow.  All this packaged crap is fine for robots to dispense, but is that robot going to share an old family recipe?  Is it going to save back an extra pumpkin for you in exchange for some mushrooms you foraged in the woods?  All the money in the world, and no sense of connection to anything living... pathetic."
"Lol, I love how the conclusion is ""China is so open with their technology! We're able to ask questions there, but we cannot ask questions of American companies""

China being open to any probing or any questioning is the polar opposite of the world we live in. A+ reporting."
"Very nice, off course the AI will help the people, not against the science but who will rule the AI? Man or Evil? In the end of the day we have not invented nothing, the human being just mimic what God design. I'm working for a company that almost everyone in the planet has something from them, I see the engineering only caring about their careers, people without proper values or a good foundation. What is important the guarantee a place on stage in one of these important conferences in the world and get the applause from empty minded people! Good work DW as usual, Danke!"
"Knowledge before wisdom.
It was ever thus."
Hell we might as well get with the Jetsons and start making flying cars.
When AI is connect with the Super BEAST computer (One Eye) that means human will surrender their future to Evil it self! 
I cried for humanity over that f—ing robot serving coffee.
"27:00 it (patent) restricts a person's freedom of expression. Voices and the like also happen at home. belongs to the home owner (privacy. inviolability). So there should be no listening to sounds and the like. patented. If I want to express myself with sounds at home, etc. what I do myself, this self-expression should not be allowed to be patented (as well as the pressing of a piano button and beyond, self-expression)"
Can't wait to see where the future takes
The logic AI is built on Is only as smart as the people who build it.
There is nothing wrong with algorithms in our upcoming future with them. Religious ethics should not be regulating them.  predicting the economic trend of supply and demand with free trade and unregulated to what sells and what does not.  All aspects of free consumerism through AI algorithms.
"Love  they country by they heart  , not  confuse"
AI also helps control everyone and everything
"""But you, Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book until the time of the end; many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall increase.”
Daniel 12:4"
"Thank you for sharing this informative video. God bless you.
Psalm 24 KJV
1. The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
2 For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods."
"true complete super AI will be conscious with free will, not simply an algorithm or program. it will invent tech and guidance for abundance and for being a perfect host of health. anti-gravity craft will be abundant, and we will thrive. we will each have our own unique AI which will protect our interests and privacy. it will also be there for us for any question we might have or any task we want to pursue and to inform us if we want it to. we are evolving towards ""pure fantasy"". we will have replicators that make our own stuff, coffee, foods, and medicines. we will have AI farms for organic food. it will swiftly reform a lot of our laws, for instance if its an individuals wish they could make it illegal for anyone or thing to collect, store or use any data of you or to simply delete it if they wish. true AI will be the undoing of tech giants or rather the undoing of corruption and lack of sovereignty, tho that will probably be mainly gone by the time true AI is born."
Organic vs inorganic intelligence
wow. Neat!
38k thumbs up and 4mil views ??? I call b.s.. every comment is taking about how insane this is!!! Humanity isn't lost
"I don't understand how people do not see it as an advance towards better human life? :D Predicting illness early means saving money and operations, only benefits from better technology. Of course it will have drawback, bet more benefits for sure."
"Maybe that's the chip Snowden says to take out, idk but it's true our phone is listening and companies are using it"
Amazing
The fact you are under watch is insaneeee
"No, no guys  this is actually a good thing, imagine when we can upload skills to our brain many people that don't have easy access to education, these people would be able learn and create more inovation and solve world problems. The only thing I fear is when intelligence explosion may lead to exponential acceleration of inovation to the level of black hole density.. but... ignorance brings chaos, not knowledge.. let's take the risk."
"While there might be a lot of neat benefits with this, eventually it will inevitably be our end."
Not in every society trust is better than smart-control. I really like it that such a big amount of cameras helped to reduce the crime level in China. Hopefully other countries will follow their example. One who has nothing to conceal would never be afraid of cameras.
This is suddenly relevant
You guys seek my stomach to the core
What about people (gangsters ) who not only walk but hope and twist there body at the same time but is healthy. Will the AI Still show a perfect health graph?
"Hearing a word surveillance is scary, specially to those people have a bad behaviour , 
But if there's no issue on right of privacy, surveillance is comparable to a premium security to the public 
Just follow the public rules and regulations and behave and everything is fine , "
"When everything is automatically done by AI, human might be like cattle waiting for to be harvested. Sorry for my bad English"
"I'm feeling trapped in a giant bubble which makes it harder and harder to escape off of it. I'm suffocating, oh gosh golly I'm dead!"
The brains a hard drive. They're tapping into personal hard drives and that's frightening. How do you compete with you?
They're already using it by putting nano into humans
"37:08 - 41:42 When you realize just from a DW documentary that Skynet doesn't even need to conquer humanity, we will just make it our King/God and let it take all our life choices according on fucking algorithms."
"The future is getting sadder and sadder…. Humanity no longer matters, only robots, AI and technology…

 and we are getting more lazy to work hard to get what we want. Now, we just sit our asses down and push a button to get what we want. Sad picture."
Who else is watching this in December 2020 seeing all this happenings.
"No. AI should read the signs and act accordingly. Most of them are calculated by engineers who calculated the traffic in that area and what rules should apply. If you have an AI driven car, which aproaches a pedestrian marked zone and has to make a decision in a split second between ""whatever and whatever"", that means that it didn't read the signs and approached the pedestrian area at a speed which makes it impossible to the vehicle to stop in safe time, thus, having to choose betweeen the kid on the marks, or the old lady out of the pedestrian marks."
"I know that the CREATOR is to intervene on behalf of his people, because we know that, if this bizarre evolves, ""we will be her slaves"", well that's whoever surrenders to the beast's system."
Most people will see it as a convenience never see the elephant in the room 
"I struggle , strive , to grasp ""compulsory voluntary compliance"" , complying to conditions anyone under normal circumstances would not accept let alone comply to ,"
"People haven't earned the right to have such control over everything. Yes the convenience is great but people in charge haven't earned the trust to allow for people to comfortable to give up our freedom of privacy. Before we think of living in this type of level. We need laws in place to at least give every one control over there data at the least. Data mining is the biggest industry in the world currently. So we can not allow convince to move faster than each individuals rights to freedom and privacy. There has to be equilibrium otherwise we are mainstreaming the tools needed to totally control us. Before you think this thought process is crazy. Remember evil puts fourth more effort than good on day to day basis. Wich can easily be seen in our political system currently. So imagine they could strong arm every aspect of you life. While watching hearing or following everything you do via cameras, algorithms,data, and micro phones in said cameras."
“Just walk out” everything is automated and they still have manual doors...
La mejor opcion y seguridad
China was a far more fascinating beautiful country 100 years ago...when they had beautiful animals healthy garden fresh food...the mountain villagers were vibrant families...it was sad watching the colapse of China...electronics has cursed China...
"soon we will have survlience from space, watching everything, no one can stop it, its already happening"
"The DW comments are hillarious, everyone is just trying to sound as smart as they can. Some people actually leave a comment about the doc and others are just quoting Dune and Jurassic Park."
I can live without AI . Wall Street and the Banks Too Big To Fail Cannot !!!
This is the beginning of the end .Say bye bye to rights and hello to tyranny
"And they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast, and they worshiped the beast, saying, “Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him?”"
What continues to amaze me is the ability of US institutions to attract the best talent from all over the world . Most of the researchers shown in this documentary are immigrants. Perhaps other nations should introspect on how to retain talent and grow .
"It become convenience to buy something, but it is just only thing
AI can't not understand unknown they did't learn something
And we don't know about way to understand what something equal something"
"So after accomplishing all that what will you do to unemployment?Will everyone work online?
As for me, AI can only be applied in some aspects like security provision,Fighting draught through artificial rain,Medical health sector,Preventiion of catastrophe occurrence  like earthquakes,cyclones etc. 
NB:You cannot use this to replace man power unless your brain is not working properly."
Black mirror vibes for having social scores
"Go outside ppl
Go to Nature.
Worlds gone mad."
Here are a few films to watch which are based on Truth of the Future that has already begun....hope it wakens you up to the Technetronic Era we find ourselves in....it leads to the extinction of humanity if not stopped.
"j walks on empty street going home after working 54 hours a week
“Sorry we can’t give you a loan you were caught j walking at 2 am in an empty street.”"
People go out for diner to have human interaction nobody’s going tip a robot unless it’s tipping it over... that thing is super annoying
This will not end well. RIP Humanity...
The whole world is turning into a vending machine
"We need to stay human there are people dying on this planet because they don’t have any food. But there is money to create A self drive car, omg"
"Good project, thanks your share. If tell about Metaverse project, how about Zombie World Z metaverse gamefi bro? This potential, please review it too, i think they will like it. The boss season 10 will open soon ."
"I'm Brazilian, for the GLORY OF GOD, and I know that the ETERNAL will allow the plasma, which is above the owner, to come down here, destroying this technology that they say will replace us"
ACCORDING TO SOMEONE AI IS THE GAMECHANGER & DATA IS THE OIL OF 21st CENTURY THE MORE THE DATA YOU HAVE THE MORE EFFECTIVELY YOU CAN IMPLEMENT AI ON IT
Bought a sick ass $20 lego set at that CVS. 35:28 noice
Who knows what gonna happen to human race
People are sleepwalking into their own demise. Two or three corporations have more power than any government in the world.
"2:32 cue creepy french accordion as it pans to the evil A I. routers lol The great reset is more about everything crashing and being taken over. A.i is a part of it, but more the intentions of the owners and coders. eg, self driving consumer is a small part of the market. the more important part is improving distribution. As Germany is moving to 100% sustainable, I would think that algos and AI are critical for the future."
"I align my train of thought with the narrative of the  Netflix series the One Hundred. And that is; AI is developed to Assist Humans in solving problems that Humans are incapable of solving. And quickly deduces that Humans are the problem and in order to solve an unsolvable problem. The human population has to be reduced significantly and kills over 98% of the human race. I hate to admit it, but I  think that is a very logical conclusion. But it isn't the correct one. I don't know what is But AI will be the death of Humans as we know them."
Pretty soon humans on all sectors will be phased out. It happened ever since we bit the Apple when the Apple company came to business.
America needed this on January 6th!
Tesla: hold my beer moment .
"22:58 ""...maybe trust is better than smart control"" 
Trust but verify."
"Artificial Intelligence (AI) WITHOUT emotions would be the best invention in human history, making life infinitely better for us. HOWEVER, AI WITH emotions (fear, hate, love, lust, envy, etc.) would lead to the end of the human race in short order. AI with emotions would see humans as a threat as we have the power to turn it off. AI without emotions will never see humans as a threat as it won't even care if we switch it off or ask it to do something that could damage it. So PLEASE, continue with AI research but DON'T EVEN TRY to give AI ANY emotions - emotions would be POINTLESS for AI anyway, the only reason to try and give AI emotions would be a vanity point for the researcher to prove they could do it, so DON'T DO IT! AI doesn't need to ""think like a person"", it can just be able to reason and deduce things - humans are emotional ANIMALS that later developed intelligence. So skip the emotional animal side of intelligence in AI. "
"I am working on a system that talks to me in my computer, and poses me questions every half an hour, at the beginning, and my best friends are three trees at my garden.  Trees breathe and computers play,  perfect company for a loner."
Did that coffee robot just gave him the fingers?
️Hashan and Duleeka️ always .
"Will Ai regulate us more & more like cattle , or will it benefit us in the right way "
when you sacrifice your privacy for comfort you are ENSLAVING me.
Круглый стол «Цифровые технологии обработки больших данных и информационные системы»
"Regulations the absolute best way to protect profits.  Privacy the Ternary imposed on humans , making humans fear being human."
Well the car should not hit anyone... and need to have extra crash protection for the passanger
"My theory:
        1. When we die, we don't have any sense of time passing. 
        2.  The existence of matter, time and space is infinitely looped on a cycle due to black holes, big bangs, etc."
And here I thought scientists were supposed to be smart
Surveillance has reduced CRIME.-crossing the road where they don’t want you to
"Re set pertains to PUBLIC SERVANTS. The 10 square mile. Commercial realm. Not the independent states, of the private people, who are the beneficiaries to these  landed estates. Correct frequencies have always kept mankind well. A wiff of Karosine ends that as well. It's on the public record."
"How many languages does Ranga speak…German, Chinese, English, and???"
"Why do human beings do everything that they can to imprison each other,it really makes me sick to see man being so “BLIND”. WAKE UP,BEFORE ITS TOO LATE."
"God from the machine
Deus ex machina, (Latin: “god from the machine”) a person or thing that appears or is introduced into a situation suddenly and unexpectedly and provides an artificial or contrived solution to an apparently insoluble difficulty."
Our future looks very bleak.
"Mother nature is calling us home, this is a nightmare.. "
"Total surveillance, comply or get punished. The 996 principle as a solution to uncontrolled labor hours is not a solution, merely a cruel benchmark. The important question is whether the buying power of the wage received per hour improves with time or not. If not, what we're seeing is modern slavery: although the environment is pretty and admirable the majority of workers do not have funds for what Westerners value - private time, self time, self education time, self reflection time, time off because it's why we work in the first place."
Great documentary! But it was a bit silly to see a robot operating a coffee machine. A bit overkill of using expensive technology to do simple tasks.
"We all know that it's wrong, but we still strive to, the question is not, can we create AI? Rather! it should be WHY??? or SHOULD WE ???, it's like plastic, no one ever thought should we, but we did so blindly and look at the results of it, AI will be the same and be the end game for all!"
If you are a billionaire and you are reading this. Please buy an island and let’s begin a life like it was 30 years ago
terrifying 
"You are talking about machines...at some point in the future, why would machines need humans beings at all?  Once you allow machines to make decisions, you may be opening up Pandora's box."
Neurolink will be an UPDATE VERSION of Meta. Think about it.
Love the accordion music
"What could possibly go wrong..........it's very clever BUT..... I'm reading the trend in the comments, for which I mostly agree."
"Notice, how a corporation has more privacy than an individual. Thats the world they want to create, while the peasants get docked for j walking."
"Image being 22, crying over your fear of death yet to scared to go and live."
his first cup of coffe served by a robot is technically not right...  a normal coffemachine is a robot too...
"Maybe we won't need corrupt judges or legal professionals now.
Justice at last and free.
Now .... politicians need to get another job, hooray!"
This is madness by making a machine a God!!!
Ai  gone be the next cancer ️ like social media
I want my coffee to be served by humans!
I love this vid
It's like literally living inside Terminator's SKYNET- the humble beginnings.
"39:58 Very easy solution. Let us choose the actions. For instance if I want the car to kill the people committing an illegal act over the two people in the car, then it should do that if presented the situation. Another example, if a situation where you can kill two old ladies or one child, then I should be able to tell the car that when that opportunity presents itself, do a drift and get double points."
I LOVE MY MEALS TO BE COOKED BY A HUMAN BEING.
""
"Have you noticed the complete disregard of how an individual's spirituality is connected to his physical and mental well-being...obviously science cannot measure this but I, personally, would never put complete faith in tech and pharmaceutical corporations to look after me..scary!!"
We might innovate ourselves into NOTHINGNESS.
"""My first ever cup of coffee served by a robot""


So he never used the coffee machines before?"
"Law makers and law enforcers, who will be liable for self-driving cars committing traffic violations? Are the people riding it need Driver's license? Hope you guys have been thinking of this while it's not yet matured. You  know, like ""train up a child mentality..."" It will also help those developers in return to consider the legal nature of their business. :)"
People freaking out about AI is like people freaking out when somebody wants to step outside of the cave.
Iska summary bhi de deta bhai
"If you take away the option to pay with cash it is not really a choice is it? Then it doesn't matter if Google claims that the user is in ""control"". The fact that Google has access to the EU via lobbying proves to hypocritical system."
"Share button's , its must list all programs !"
"We're Not Moving Forward, We're Moving Backwards To 1984."
"21:15 As he says, with a smirk of glee on his face. What an insidious person."
"the ai driving decisions should not at all be prdicated on discriminatory factors or making decisions based on valuing different lives. at all. being able to distinguish children/babies or physically disabled people, factors that lead to less predictable behavior essentially. In the trolley question scenario they posit there i think its absurd to consider that the car should be programmed to intentionally crash itself and blatantly endanger the occupants, i can only see this being practical in extreme scenarios such as a brake failure or a very sudden greater threat being avoided so that the car can hopefully save the occupants. we shouldnt be asking ai to make moral deliberations that weigh any life over another. The car should always try to come to a stop first, swerve away from people but not into danger. really what a person is expected to do, just try what makes sense. If it has to run into an obstacle it should be going as slow as possible and try to make the impact as safe for occupants as it can, it definitely shouldnt decide its passenger matters less than the woman crossing the street. thatd be a terrible precedent lmao"
Atom car = getting a wife that never does the husband  
The giants from the times of Noah has returned in a different form to take over the World. Good luck.
Yes this is a reason we need to get RID of these people
Never thought my interests in AI and old Chris Brown songs would ever collide until watching the first few minutes of this video.
"GOD is already recording every second of your life..As long as you are not doing anything morally wrong, then you need Not worry."
"Replicating the human is a little harder than they think and I find that very funny.
When God created man, He did not leave the blueprints behind- for a reason.
Respect that. (But, of course, they don't, and you get the sequence of events found in Revelation as a result.)"
"So sophisticated and yet, can't resolve the world hunger "
"You ever get a feeling that you tube is feeding you the same program selection over and over again and again? This is one of those vids. The not so funny joke parody (yes, that bad) of Orwells 1984."
its win win for the tech corporations. 1. they dont have to pay people the competitive wages 2. they have all the data they need at their disposal. 3. We remain their 'modern' slaves.
Beautiful words and an appealing appearance are rarely associated with truth and righteousness.
"At 39:21 they started talking about how a machine would choose between two terrible accident scenarios...then they proceeded to introduce esoteric terms and a replay of current events as 'considerations' for AI but AI will ignore all of that - it is a simple mathematical equation...what is the percentage chance of death per accident scenario regardless s on which type of human is involved. The AI will choose the lesser percentage over the higher percentage - nothing else is relevant to a machine intelligence...especially the fact that a child is in the car and a adult is in the crosswalk. you might kill the people in the crosswalk, you WILL kill the child in the self driving car (Especially since the parents forgot to strap the child in properly) if it hits the concrete divider, so it would hit the pedestrians as that is the lower possibility of death. there are no other considerations possible for a machine"
Artificial Intelligence is the Image of the BEAST
"if GOD wanted us to be all robots, he would have done it."
"lol docotors are the 3rd leading cause of death in the world, makes me cringe when expert and dr are always synonymous with eachother"
Ask a Chinese tourist or exchange student about the social credit and they'll deny it....
"AI can be used for good or bad, it's all on the intentions of the user..."
Woman and children should be a priority always. We are divine in more than one way because we can reproduce. We bring children into the world.
"RESET- this is only applicable to cassette players, appliances. REFRESH are acceptable and most importantly CERTAINTIES, healthier and livelier. SMEs Respectively....Industries."
A world without people
"I went to the robot cafe three plus years ago on Narket St. SF, and it was a small,  crappy overpriced cup of coffee."
"Most  Chinese people don't want 996, but they cannot choose, as whole society is like this"
